#### React Album Store

This React based single page application developed as a test task for junior/middle full-stack developer vacancy.

##### Development process 

###### Data source
 
I used [theaudiodb.com](https://www.theaudiodb.com/api_guide.php) API to get a list of albums and it's tracks. 
 
*Top50 Popular Tracks* API endpoint was used to get primary list of artists and it's albums. Then I got all albums of presented artists belongs that list. All information stored as JSON objects and prepared for getsandbox.com with bash scripts that generates files with data as JS variables. Special API endpoint used to fulfill state at getsandbox.com.

This was achieved with the following technics: bash scripting, jq (command line JSON interpreter), curl.  
 
Totally my list contains 277 albums and 8493 tracks. Current information available at [this page](https://albumstore.getsandbox.com/info).  

###### getsandbox.com

The following API endpoints were created:

* /albums - get albums list sorted by `sortBy` field as a query parameter.
* /albums/[albumSlug] - get album information by it's slug which consist of [artistSlug-albumTitleSlug]. If no album found with specified slug 404 code is returned.
* /init - fill getsandbox state with albums and tracks data from files generated on previous step.
* /info - display current size of state (albums and tracks).
* /images - generate list of album's images URLs for downloading.

###### Design

Bootstrap framework and `reactstrap ` were used for design and layout needs.


###### React with Redux

Standard React techniques were used for this application: 

* BrowserRouter with routes as a separate application layer (routes.js).
* Redux store provider with application state reducer for business logic.
* Logger and thunk as Redux middleware.
* Axios functionality for Data Access Layer.
* `connect` redux function used to connect state and class components.
* `withRouter` HoC used to provide elements with route match information (album slug at album page)
* localStorage used to store list of favourite albums and loaded albums information.
* Class and functional components were used together to achieve convenient and effective usage of class component's lifecycle and simplicity of functional component.   

Some additional libraries were used to satisfy project needs:

* fortawesome - for icons
* react-resize-detector - dynamic window size detection
* reactstrap - Bootstrap components for React 

###### Known issues

Some album's titles are quite strange. Ed Sheeran's albums Divide (%) and Plus (+) has no correct album title slug as it was generated by `/\W+/g` regex pattern which replaced `%` and `+` with empty values.

###### What to do next

* Add video player for tracks with video URLs at Youtube and Vimeo.
* Use createSlice Redux functionality to control album's state.
* Add list of all albums for certain artist at album page.